Add Lang team February update blog post (#928)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/inside-rust/2022-02-11-lang-team-feb-update.md

---
layout: post
title: "Lang team February update"
author: Sean Chen
description: "Lang team February update"
team: the lang team <https://lang-team.rust-lang.org/>
---

> This week the lang team held its February planning meeting ([minutes]). We hold these meetings on the first Wednesday of every month.

Reviewer: Let's update the date of this blog post (file name) and then also change the wording here, as its not "this week" anymore.

Reviewer 2: I expect we would date the blog post from today.

The planning meeting is used for:

* Checking in on the status of our [active initiatives][active-initiatives]
* Planning the design meetings for the remainder of the month

After each meeting, we post an update (like this one!) with notes and meeting announcements.

[minutes]: https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/blob/master/design-meeting-minutes/2022-02-02-planning.md

[active-initiatives]: https://lang-team.rust-lang.org/initiatives.html

## Update from active initiatives

> This section details the updates submitted by the many active initiatives doing valuable work in the Rust project.
> Note that many of the more recent initiatives have dedicated repositories which contain other byproducts of the design process (e.g., evaluation documents, open design questions, etc).
> 
> Unfortunately, no significant updates were reported by any of the active initiatives. 😞
> 
> However, you can still check in on the progress of any active initiatives you're interested in by visiting the [active initiatives][active-initiatives] project board.

Reviewer 2: Let's rewrite this---

```suggestion
We didn't have any updates from initiatives this week and in fact are thinking of changing our "update" structure to integrate the updates into the regular triage meeting. For the time being, though, you can check in on the progress of any active initiatives you're interested in by visiting the [active initiatives][active-initiatives] project board, which is also a great way to get a summary of the major "goings on" of the lang team.
```
